This is FLUX, the Field Line Universal Relaxer, v. 1.1 

FLUX is a prototype MHD solver that is currently able to find
nonlinear force-free fields with an exactly specified topology in a
quasi-static, infinitely conductive, low-beta medium.  Unlike
conventional extrapolation codes, FLUX accepts as input a collection
of field line shapes that do not necessarily have physical meaning but
that do have the correct topology that you want to study.

The FLUX engine relaxes the position of those field lines until they
approximate the physical force-free state with the same topology that you
specified.

FLUX consists of two parts: a relaxation engine, written in C, and a
control interface in Perl.  The control interface is intended to be
used The Perl Data Language (PDL).  If you do not have PDL on your
system, you can get it for free from http://pdl.perl.org.  PDL
compiles "out of the box" on most UNIX systems, and a "native" 
version exists for Microsoft Windows.

The author gratefully acknowledges support from NASA's Living With A
Star and Solar/Heliospheric Physics programs.

All source files are copyright (C) 2004-2006 Craig DeForest
unless otherwise marked.  You may modify and/or make copies of this
software under the terms of the Gnu Public License, version 2 (GPL
v2).  You should have received a copy of the GPL v2 with this
software; it is present in the file "COPYING".  If you do not have a
copy you may obtain one online from "http://www.gnu.org" or by writing
to the Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
MA 0211-1307 USA.

THIS SOFTWARE COMES WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.

Author: Craig DeForest
        deforest@boulder.swri.edu


This is the FLUX top-level directory.

Subdirectories include:
        lib -- the central libflux.a core simulation library

	doc -- some design documents

	include -- 'c' header files 
	           (these get installed into /usr/local/include/flux/)
	
        pdl -- PDL glue code and perl modules

